Add `connector_name` to `catalogs` system table (#25507)
prestodb/presto: presto-docs/src/main/sphinx/connector/system.rst

``metadata.catalogs``
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

> The catalogs table contains the list of available catalogs. The table contains below columns:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The catalogs table contains the list of available catalogs. The columns in ``metadata.catalogs`` are:
```

======================================= ======================================================================
Column Name                             Description
======================================= ======================================================================
``catalog_name``                        The value of this column is derived from the names of
                                        catalog.properties files present under ``etc/catalog`` path under
                                        presto installation directory. Everything except the suffix

>                                         ``.properties`` is treated as the catalog name. For example, if there

Reviewer: This is a great example that makes things clear. No change needed, just noting this is great to have in the doc.

                                        is a file named ``my_catalog.properties``, then ``my_catalog`` will be
                                        listed as the value for this column.

> ``connector_id``                        The values in this column are just a duplicate of the values

Reviewer: ```suggestion
``connector_id``                        The values in this column are a duplicate of the values
```

>                                         present under ``catalog_name`` column.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                        in the ``catalog_name`` column.
```

``connector_name``                      This column represents the actual name of the underlying connector

>                                         that a particular catalog is using. To put it in simple words,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                        that a particular catalog is using. 
```

>                                         this column contains the value of ``connector.name`` property from

Reviewer: ```suggestion
                                        This column contains the value of ``connector.name`` property from
```

                                        the catalog.properties file.
======================================= ======================================================================

Example:

> Suppose a user configures a single catalog with a file named ``my_catalog.properties`` and this file has the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Suppose a user configures a single catalog by creating a file named ``my_catalog.properties`` with the
```
